Redirect people to Lightning monorepo in README. (#83)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning-kokkos: README.rst

.. header-start-inclusion-marker-do-not-remove

> Disclosure
> ==========

Reviewer: I interpreted "disclosure" as a legal term

```suggestion
❗ Warning
=========
```

> The PennyLane organization has archived this repository, which is a snapshot of PennyLane-Lightning-Kokkos v0.32.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PennyLaneAI organization has archived this repository, which is a snapshot of PennyLane-Lightning-Kokkos v0.32.
```

.. header-start-inclusion-marker-do-not-remove

> PennyLane-Lightning-Kokkos was integrated in `PennyLane-Lightning <https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning>`_ v0.32, and hence the PennyLane organization stopped maintaining this repository at v0.32.
> The development of PennyLane-Lightning-Kokkos continues under `PennyLane-Lightning <https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning>`_ so we encourage you to report `issues <https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/issues>`_, make `pull requests <https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pulls>`_, etc. there.
> 

Reviewer 2: Let me know if this sounds good.
```suggestion

Disclosure
========

PennyLane-Lightning-Kokkos was integrated into `PennyLane-Lightning <https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning>`. This backend development continues there, and so we direct users to `PennyLane-Lightning <https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning>` to report `issues <https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/issues>`_, make `pull requests <https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pulls>`_, etc.
The PennyLane organization will archive this repository, which will be a Snapshot of v0.32.

```

Author: How about 
```suggestion
Disclosure
==========

The PennyLane organization has archived this repository, which is a snapshot of PennyLane-Lightning-Kokkos v0.32.
This backend was integrated into `PennyLane-Lightning <https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning>`_ where its development continues.
We direct users and developers to `PennyLane-Lightning <https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning>`_ to report `issues <https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/issues>`_, make `pull requests <https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pulls>`_, etc.

About
=====
```
